

This model is from the article:  
**Epidemics of panic during a bioterrorist attack--a mathematical model.**   
Radosavljevic V, Radunovic D, Belojevic G. _Med Hypotheses_ 2009
Sep;73(3):342-6 [19423234](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19423234) ,  
**Abstract:**   
A bioterrorist attacks usually cause epidemics of panic in a targeted
population. We have presented epidemiologic aspect of this phenomenon as a
three-component model--host, information on an attack and social network. We
have proposed a mathematical model of panic and counter-measures as the
function of time in a population exposed to a bioterrorist attack. The model
comprises ordinary differential equations and graphically presented
combinations of the equations parameters. Clinically, we have presented a
model through a sequence of psychic conditions and disorders initiated by an
act of bioterrorism. This model might be helpful for an attacked community to
timely and properly apply counter-measures and to minimize human mental
suffering during a bioterrorist attack.

To the extent possible under law, all copyright and related or neighbouring
rights to this encoded model have been dedicated to the public domain
worldwide. Please refer to [CC0 Public Domain
Dedication](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) for more
information.

In summary, you are entitled to use this encoded model in absolutely any
manner you deem suitable, verbatim, or with modification, alone or embedded it
in a larger context, redistribute it, commercially or not, in a restricted way
or not.

To cite BioModels Database, please use: [Li C, Donizelli M, Rodriguez N,
Dharuri H, Endler L, Chelliah V, Li L, He E, Henry A, Stefan MI, Snoep JL,
Hucka M, Le Nov√®re N, Laibe C (2010) BioModels Database: An enhanced, curated
and annotated resource for published quantitative kinetic models. BMC Syst
Biol., 4:92.](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20587024)

